Update push-notifications-firebase.md (#106)
ionic-team/capacitor-site: docs/guide/guides/push-notifications-firebase.md

![Podfile Location iOS](/assets/img/docs/guides/firebase-push-notifications/podfile-location-ios.png)

> We need to add Firebase to the CocoaPods provided for our App target. To do that, add `pod 'FirebaseCore` and `pod Firebase/Messaging` to your `target 'App'` section, like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We need to add Firebase to the CocoaPods provided for our App target. To do that, add `pod 'FirebaseCore'` and `pod 'Firebase/Messaging'` to your `target 'App'` section, like so:
```

```ruby
target 'App' do
capacitor_pods
# Add your Pods here
pod 'FirebaseCore' # Add this line

> pod 'Firebase/Messaging'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pod 'Firebase/Messaging' # Add this line
```

  }
```

> If you would like to recieve the firebase FCM token from iOS instead of the raw APNS token, you will need also add two new `import` at the top of the file :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to receive the Firebase FCM token from iOS instead of the raw APNS token, you will also need to add two new imports at the top of the file:
```
